Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-15 (#258)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/4/8/5/4/document.md

###### A.1.10.2.4.8.5.4 - Core Facilitator Shares Link And Hash Of Executive Document With Technical Point [Core]

> The Core Facilitator must share the link to the merged Executive Document on GitHub and its hash with the Technical Point. This communication must be provided in a public manner, typically on Slack.

Reviewer: The phrases "public manner" and "typically on Slack" do not clearly define the required communication channel or publication standard. Different actors may interpret compliance differently, resulting in critical information being published in locations that are technically public but not reasonably discoverable by governance participants.
Minimal fix: Replace the non-specific communication requirement with a reference to an officially designated governance communication venue.

```suggestion
The Core Facilitator must share the link to the merged Executive Document on GitHub and its hash with the Technical Point. This communication shall be published through the governance communication venue specified in [relevant Atlas reference].
```
